Welcome to the Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Foundation Certification course. 
I'm so glad you are here. This course is created specifically for you to start 
learning Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and become well versed in OCI fundamentals.

My name is Rohit Rahi, and I'm part of the Oracle Cloud team. 
I'll be your instructor for this course. 
I have been fortunate to spend more than 10 years in the cloud space and be part 
of the Oracle Cloud team from the very start.

My team builds OCI certification and trainings. And in the past few years, 
we have trained hundreds and thousands of learners on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure. 
This course will give you the knowledge, skills, and the confidence to pass the 
OCI Foundations Exam and beyond that, give you the foundational knowledge needed for OCI projects.

The course will cover all the areas of the OCI Foundations Exam. 
We will start with a quick introduction of the OCI platform, and then we will dive deep 
into the core primitives, compute, storage, networking, identity, databases, security, and more. 
I will cover event driven architectures and developer services. 
I will also discuss our Observability and Management platform and Hybrid Capabilities. 
And last but not least, I will discuss our differentiated pricing, SLA, and support options.

At the start of the course, I will show you how to create an Oracle Cloud Free Tier 
account and demo several services and features using this free tier account. 
I hope you will create your own free tier account and follow along.

Throughout the course, I will be using fun analogies to explain complex topics 
and leverage visual slides to help you better retain information. 
There is a skills check at the end of every module. So you can validate your 
knowledge and gain the confidence to pass the exam.

And finally, we understand you are busy. So most of our course lessons are 
less than 5 minutes long. Our goal is to help you retain information and keep you engaged. 
I hope you are as excited as I am to start this course. Thanks for enrolling. Let's begin.